Fixed #16211 -- Added logical NOT support to F expressions. (#16121)
django/django: docs/ref/models/expressions.txt

    from django.db.models import F
    Company.objects.order_by(F('last_contacted').desc(nulls_last=True))

.. versionchanged:: 4.2

>     Support for inverting expression ``~F()`` was added.

Reviewer: I'd mention that it's about conditional expression, or more explicitly _"expressions that output BooleanField"_.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if _"inverting"_ is the best wording :thinking:, maybe _"logic negation (``NOT`` operator)"_.

> For example, to deactivate active models::

Reviewer: An example should be before the `versionchanged` annotation.

    from django.db.models import F

>     Company.objects.update(is_active=~F('is_active')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Company.objects.update(is_active=~F('is_active'))
```

    from django.db.models import F
    Company.objects.order_by(F('last_contacted').desc(nulls_last=True))

Using ``F()`` with logical operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 4.2

> ``F()`` expressions that output ``BooleanField`` can be logically negated with
> the inversion operator ``~F()``. For example, to deactivate active companies::
> 
>     from django.db.models import F
> 
>     Company.objects.update(is_active=~F('is_active'))

Reviewer 2: From what I understood the `update` example deactivate active companies and activate inactive companies. 
```suggestion
``F()`` expressions that output ``BooleanField`` can be logically negated with
the inversion operator ``~F()``. For example, to swap the activation status of companies::

    from django.db.models import F

    Company.objects.update(is_active=~F('is_active'))
```

Reviewer: Updated :+1:
